Update Edit modes and remove redundant page (#518)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: Documentation~/modes.md

# Edit modes and active contexts

> There are two active contexts when editing in the Unity Editor:

Reviewer: This isn't necessarily true: it depends on what packages you have installed. If you have the Splines package installed, for example, you would have the Splines context in your project. In the future, there'll be even more.

Reviewer: I think what we want to say is that ProBuilder tools use (or can be used _in_, rather) two contexts.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use ProBuilder tools in two contexts:
```

Reviewer: It would be really nice if `tool contexts` could link to a documentation concept page about tool contexts. 
```suggestion
You can use ProBuilder tools in two tool contexts:
```

> * The GameObject context, which controls the entire Mesh.

Reviewer: The GameObject context doesn't really control the mesh. *You* activate the context to be able to use transform tools on those meshes.

Author: ```suggestion
* The GameObject context, which allows you to control the entire Mesh.
```

> * The ProBuilder context, which controls the individual elements of the Mesh. The ProBuilder context is further divided into edit modes that define what you are selecting and editing:

Reviewer: The context doesn't control the mesh. You activate the context to use tools on the mesh.

Author: ```suggestion
* The ProBuilder context, which allows you to control the individual elements of the Mesh. The ProBuilder context is further divided into edit modes that define what you are selecting and editing:
```

Author: Wait, should it be Mesh or mesh?

Reviewer: `mesh`. I edited your suggestion.
